docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/nuget.md

- .NET Core 1.0 and above
- .NET Standard class libraries
- `.csproj`, `.fsproj` or `.vbproj` files that use the SDK-style syntaxes

To convert your .NET Framework `.csproj`, `.fsproj` or `.vbproj` files into an SDK-style project, follow the steps in this [guide](https://natemcmaster.com/blog/2017/03/09/vs2015-to-vs2017-upgrade/).

## How it works

1. Renovate searches in each repository for any files with a `.csproj`, `.fsproj`, or `.vbproj` extension

> 2. Existing dependencies are extracted from `<PackageReference>` and `<PackageVersion>` tags
> 3. Renovate looks up the latest version on [nuget.org](https://nuget.org) (or an alternative feed if configured) to see if any upgrades are available
> 4. If the source package includes a GitHub URL as its source, and has either:

Author: ```suggestion
1. Existing dependencies are extracted from `<PackageReference>` and `<PackageVersion>` tags
1. Renovate looks up the latest version on [nuget.org](https://nuget.org) (or an alternative feed if configured) to see if any upgrades are available
1. If the source package includes a GitHub URL as its source, and has either:
```
